Community Toolkit (#1755)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/community-toolkit/hosting-golang.md

---
title: Go hosting
author: tommasodotNET
description: A .NET Aspire hosting integration for Go apps.
ms.date: 10/11/2024
---

# .NET Aspire Go hosting

[!INCLUDE [banner](includes/banner.md)]

In this article, you'll learn how to use the .NET Aspire Go hosting integration to host Go applications.

## Getting Started

To get started with the .NET Aspire Go hosting integration, install the [Aspire.CommunityToolkit.Hosting.Go](https://github.com/orgs/CommunityToolkit/packages/nuget/package/Aspire.CommunityToolkit.Hosting.Golang) NuGet package in the AppHost project.

[!INCLUDE [github-packages](includes/github-packages.md)]

### [.NET CLI](#tab/dotnet-cli)

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Aspire.CommunityToolkit.Hosting.Golang
```

### [PackageReference](#tab/package-reference)

```xml
<PackageReference Include="Aspire.CommunityToolkit.Hosting.Golang"
                  Version="[SelectVersion]" />
```

---

For more information, see [dotnet add package](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-add-package) or [Manage package dependencies in .NET applications](/dotnet/core/tools/dependencies).

## Example usage

> In the _::no-loc text="Program.cs"_ file of your AppHost project, call the `AddGolangApp` method to add a Go application to the builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your app host project, call the `AddGolangApp` method to add a Go application to the builder.
```
